FIX: mask definition (#39458)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/mask/index.md

    - `<repeat-style>`
      - : Sets the repetition of the mask image. See {{cssxref("mask-repeat")}}.
    - `<geometry-box>`
      - : If only one `<geometry-box>` value is given, it sets both the {{cssxref("mask-origin")}} and {{cssxref("mask-clip")}} property values. If two `<geometry-box>` values are present, the first defines the `mask-origin` and the second defines the 1mask-clip`.
    - `<geometry-box> | no-clip`
      - : Sets the area affected by the mask image. See {{cssxref("mask-clip")}}.
    - `<compositing-operator>`
      - : Sets the compositing operation used on the current mask layer. See {{cssxref("mask-composite")}}.

## Description

> The `mask` shorthand property hides part or all of the element it is applied to. Which parts are hidden, visible, or partially rendered depends on the opacity or luminance of the mask areas. The sections masked by opaque parts of the mask, or light parts in the case of `luminance`, are visible, whereas transparent sections of the mask, and black parts in the case of luminance, are hidden.

Reviewer: - I think we should also mention `alpha` along with `luminance`.
- In the second sentence, could we separate the alpha and luminance masking explanations for clarity? eg:
   - in alpha masking, opaque areas of the mask reveal the element, and transparent areas hide it.
   - in luminance masking, light areas of the mask reveal the element, and dark areas hide it.
```suggestion
The `mask` shorthand property hides part or all of the element it is applied to. The parts of the element that are hidden, visible, or partially shown depend on either the opacity (alpha channel of the mask) or the brightness (luminance) of the mask. The sections masked by opaque parts of the mask, or light parts in the case of `luminance`, are visible, whereas transparent sections of the mask, and black parts in the case of luminance, are hidden.
```

> The `mask` shorthand property hides part or all of the element it is applied to. The parts of the element that are hidden, visible, or partially shown depend on either the opacity (alpha channel of the mask) or the brightness (luminance) of the mask. In alpha masking, opaque areas of the mask reveal the element, and transparent areas hide it. In luminance masking, light areas of the mask reveal the element, and dark areas hide it.

Author: ```suggestion
The `mask` shorthand property hides part or all of the element it is applied to. The parts of the element that are hidden, visible, or partially shown depend on either the opacity (alpha channel of the mask) or the brightness (luminance) of the mask. In alpha masking, opaque areas of the mask reveal the element, and transparent areas hide it. In luminance masking, light opaque areas of the mask reveal the element, and dark or transparent areas hide it.
```

> The `mask` shorthand property hides part or all of the element it is applied to. The parts of the element that are hidden, visible, or partially shown depend on either the opacity (alpha channel of the mask) or the brightness (luminance) of the mask. The sections masked by opaque parts of the mask, or light parts in the case of `luminance`, are visible, whereas transparent sections of the mask, and black parts in the case of luminance, are hidden.

Reviewer: Do you want to redo the last sentence ("The sections masked by...")? I feel we're mixing opacity and brightness; we can be clearer. My earlier suggestion (i pointed at the wrong sentence) was to do something like:
```suggestion
The `mask` shorthand property hides part or all of the element it is applied to. The parts of the element that are hidden, visible, or partially shown depend on either the opacity (alpha channel of the mask) or the brightness (luminance) of the mask. In alpha masking, opaque areas of the mask reveal the element, and transparent areas hide it. In luminance masking, light areas of the mask reveal the element, and dark areas hide it.
```
